#labels Featured
= Introduction =

This file contains all the release notes.

== 1.0 RC1 07/08/2010 ==
  * Fix Up link in LibrarySearch
  * Delete deprecated LibraryBook
  * Add vibration feedback when clicking in Portal
  * Check the system version when in MapGuide
  * Updated on Android Market 

== 1.0 Beta 7 03/08/2010 ==

  * Quick fix of year decimal problem introduced yesterday.
  * Text polished.
  * Updated on Android Market 

== 1.0 Beta 6 02/08/2010 ==

  * Logo changed as requested.
  * Added declaration.
  * Fix crash on AOSP devices.
  * Fix year numerical in LibrarySearch
  * Updated on Android Market 

== 1.0 Beta 4 31/07/2010 ==

  * Merged library web view with native advanced search
  * Pop up a caution when clicking non-airpac link in web view.
  * Updated on Android Market

== 1.0 Beta 3 28/07/2010 ==

  * Fixed rotation issue in WebView related components.
  * No longer download PDF map if it is on SD card.
  * Published on Android Market.


== 1.0 Beta 25/07/2010==

  * AirPAC in customised embedded browser is nominated to be has a temporal solution before the real native implementation.
  * AirPAC HTTP POST actions for native query were reverse-engineered and settled.
  * Probably need some help for regular expression to process plain text/html files.


== 1.0 Alpha 20/07/2010==

  * All most everything works, *except Library* (No response from library system administrators).
  * No optimized.
  * Need to tick "Unknown sources" in Application Setting to install.
  * Tested on QVGA Android 1.6/2.1.